****Critical Notification – Louisville KY Storm****

Summary Description: 
Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear has declared a state of emergency in anticipation of a four-day weather event impacting the Commonwealth. On Wednesday, many areas will face the risk of severe storms, with certain regions classified under a level 5, high risk for severe weather including possible Tornado warnings.

United States Facility and Local Transportation Impacts:

Facility Impact: 
UPS Worldport in Louisville KY may announce delays and/or a closure due to severe weather conditions this evening.
Please be advised there is the potential for shipment delays on UPS Small Package shipments across the US.
All other UPS SPL warehouse facilities in the path of this storm are taking precautionary measures to protect customer product.
UPS SPL warehouses in Louisville KY are fully operational at this time.
All other Forward Stocking Locations (FSL’s) are OPEN at this time.
 
Airports and Airline Closures/Delays: 
Airlines will cancel flights in and around the path of the storm.

Highways/Courier Service:
Expect delays within the path of the storm and in the surrounding areas, with service returning as soon as safe conditions permit.

Other Updates:
1. For 6HR CTRs, do not set a window longer than 4 hours!
-While we can set longer windows for 4HR Response cases, 6HR CTRs must be set with a 4-hour window due to how SLA is calculated for these entitlements.

2. For resident locations, set Delay Code 8 - Customer Caused Delay
-Update the times as needed and do not leave as Delay Code 0 - Response Met!

3. For NBD Orders, do not provide Hemmersbach the DN or Logistics Tracking #!
-For all NBD orders and any order coming from C299, C208, or C212 we should be waiting for the 1Z tracking number to populate.
-Hemmersbach should be aware that the tracking numbers will not populate until around midnight the day before the service window.

4. When moving Service Appointments in FSM, please ensure to update the times on the Work Order as well!

5. When working in FSM, please ensure that the Dispatch Aid is reviewed to confirm whether it requires assignment to an HPE AE.
-This verification should be completed before assigning the work to an engineer and prior to submitting a resource escalation!
